“If we have faith as small as a mustard seed, the Lord can help us remove the mountains of discouragement and doubt in the tasks ahead of us as we serve with God’s children.” -M. Russell Ballard
“Life can be filled with faith, joy, happiness, hope, and love when we exercise the smallest amount of real faith in Christ, even a mustard seed of faith.” -M. Russell Ballard
“When you feel hurt, lost, scared, upset, sad, hungry or hopelessly abandoned in life’s extremities, open the Book of Mormon and you will come to know God will never desert us.” -Brian K. Taylor
“Coming to know our Father changes everything, especially our hearts as his gentle spirit confirms our true identity and great worth in His sight.” -Brian K. Taylor
“Our success, then, isn’t going from failure to failure, but growing from failure to failure without any loss of enthusiasm.” -Lynn G Robbins
“As you are humble in following the counsel of the Lord’s prophet, I promise you an added blessing of safety and peace.” -Neil L. Andersen
“The surrender of our will to God’s will is in fact not surrender at all, but the beginning of a glorious victory.” -Neil L. Andersen
“A prophet’s greatest responsibility and most precious gift to us is his sure witness, his certain knowledge, that Jesus is the Christ.” -Neil L. Andersen
“I testify that Jesus Christ is our resurrected and living Redeemer, and I promise that He will guide, protect and strengthen us as we walk in the meekness of His spirit.” -David A. Bednar
“We all have a today to live, and the key to making our day successful is to be willing to sacrifice…in other words, make things sacred, to bring honor to them. Sacrifice brings forth the blessing of Heaven.” -Taylor G. Godoy
“It is my prayer that we follow Him, that we believe Him, that we love Him, that we feel the love demonstrated by His sacrifice every time we have the opportunity to live one more day.” -Taylor G. Godoy
“Service can often lighten your burdens and make your challenges seem less hard.” -Bonnie L. Oscarson
“When we are a casual shepherd of our own soul and other souls, casualties are likely. Casualness leads to casualties. I invite us to each be a faithful shepherd.” -Ttaniela B. Wakolo
“The arrival of a typhoon is no time to dust off the gift of the Holy Ghost and figure out how to use it…We need the Holy Spirit as our guide in calm waters so his voice will be unmistakable to us in the fiercest storm.” -Larry Y. Wilson
“We must each be making the effort to align our lives with God’s commandments in order to be directed by Him.” -Larry Y. Wilson
“We can not just do and think what others are doing and thinking – we must live a guided life.” -Larry Y. Wilson
“Miracles happen when the children of God work together, guided by the spirit, to reach out to others in need.” -Reyna I Aburto
“In order to reach our sublime destiny, we need each other, and we need to be unified. The Lord has commanded us, ‘Be one; and if ye are not one ye are not mine.’” -Reyna I Aburto
“Every one of our paths is different, yet we walk them together.” -Reyna I Aburto
“Revelation is scattered among us, and when we put that revelation together, we can see more.” -Reyna I Aburto
“If you are struggling to find the strength to forgive, don’t think what others have done to you, but think of what the Lord has done for you and you will find peace in the redemptive blessings of His atonement.” -Massimo De Feo
“Even those who have had powerful spiritual experiences and have given faithful service could one day go astray or fall into inactivity if they do not endure to the end.” -Claudio D. Zivic
“Whatever our personal situation may be, I testify that our Heavenly Father is constantly saying, ‘I love you. I’ll sustain you. I am with you. Do not give up. Repent and endure in the path that I have shown you and I assure you that we will see each other again in our celestial home.’” -Claudio D. Zivic
“I am blessed to know that because of His atonement I may someday be resurrected to live forever in a loving family.” -Henry B. Eyring
“I know those things by the only way any of us can know them – the Holy Ghost has spoken to my mind and heart that they are true, not just once, but often.” -Henry B. Eyring
“More precious than seeing with our eyes or remembering words spoken and read, is recalling the feelings that accompanied the quiet voice of the spirit.” -Henry B. Eyring
We have the priceless promise of the Holy Ghost as a companion, and we also have true directions on how to claim that gift. -Henry B. Eyring
“Death is not the conclusion of our identity, but merely a necessary step in our Heavenly Father’s merciful plan for the salvation of His children.” -Dallin H. Oaks
“None of these desirable, small, and simple things will lift us to great things unless they are practiced consistently and continuously.” -Dallin H. Oaks
“The terrible consequences of partaking of anything that can become addictive, like drugs that attack our bodies or pornographic material that degrades our thoughts, is totally avoidable if we never partake for the first time – not even once.” -Dallin H. Oaks
“To protect against the cumulative negative effects that are destructive to our spiritual progress, we need to follow the spiritual pattern of small and simple things.” -Dallin H. Oaks
“Our Savior’s atonement made eternal life a possibility and immortality a reality for all.” -Russell M. Nelson
“Through the manifestations of the Holy Ghost, the Lord will assist us in all our righteous pursuits.” -Russell M. Nelson
“Does God really want to speak with you? YES!” -Russell M. Nelson
“Together, our covenants and our Savior’s atonement enable and ennoble. Together they help us hold on and let go. Together they sweeten, preserve, sanctify, redeem.” -Gerrit W. Gong
“By following [the prophets] our lives are happier and less complicated, our difficulties and problems are easier to bear, and we create a spiritual armor around us that will protect us from the attack of the enemy of our day.” -Ulisses Soares
“We all need to feel the warm hand of friendship and hear the firm declaration of faith.” -Jeffrey R. Holland
“May we labor side by side with the Lord of the vineyard, giving the God and Father of us all a helping hand with His staggering task of answering prayers, providing comfort, drying tears and strengthening feeble knees.” -Jeffrey R. Holland
“We are being prepared for the Savior’s second coming. And what better way to prepare to meet Him than to strive to become like Him through lovingly ministering to one another.” -Jean B. Bingham
“Simple acts of service can have profound effects on others, as well as on ourselves.” -Jean B. Bingham
“Out of perfect love He [Christ] gave all that we might receive all.” -Dieter F. Uchtdorf
“His supernal sacrifice, difficult to comprehend, only to be felt with all our heart and mind, reminds us of the universal debt of gratitude we owe Christ for His divine gift.” -Dieter F. Uchtdorf
“Because of Jesus Christ, our sins can not only be erased, they can be forgotten.” -Dieter F. Uchtdorf
“Because of our beloved Savior…we can dwell forever in the mansions of our Eternal King in unimaginable glory and in perfect happiness.” -Dieter F. Uchtdorf
“When you truly come to know Christ, you find the doorway to peace from despair.” -Dieter F. Uchtdorf
“Fulfilling divinely appointed responsibilities based on righteousness, unity and equality before the Lord brings personal happiness and peace in this world and prepares us for eternal life in the world to come; it prepares us to meet God.” -Quentin L. Cook